# MEN~TALITY E COMMERCE WEBSITE
#### Video Demo:
https://youtu.be/fAqV7y0AFNw
#### Description:
Hey there! I'm Anuj Vishwakarma from India, and I'm excited to share details about the e-commerce website I built for my final project. It's been quite a journey, and I've put a lot of effort into making it a comprehensive platform.So, on my website, users can go through a seamless authentication process with features like login, register, and logout, ensuring each user has a unique identity. I've included a handy search bar in the navbar, allowing users to easily find products like shirts, t-shirts, or jeans.For each product category, such as shirts, t-shirts, and jeans, I've set up dedicated pages showcasing a variety of items. Users can make purchases effortlessly by clicking on buttons associated with each product. Each page contains six diferent products an the user can buy any of them, user can also buy multiple projects.
For buying the user can click on the button given below each product, after clicking the button my app.py takes the session id and the product name and inserts it in the fp.db. There are two tables in the database fp.db user and orders. The user table stores username and password with id, the orders table stores userid which is linked with the id in user and order details. You cannot buy any products without login or registering your self
After buying a user can see its orders in the cart icon which is order.html. Here I have used for loop to showcase user's username and the orders. I have also made this error free by adding tempates like login-fail and not-found. Also I have used jinja for extending my layout.html.
Now we will talk about what will you see at begining. First my homepage.html would be visible here you can see a navbar at the top so you can access other pages> Fist is my website name the home,order presented by cart and account. The acount is a drop down and there you can see contact, login and register all doing their necessary work. The navbar also contains a search bar to search products. After navbar you can see a slide containing products display .After that you can see three seperate cards for product each having a button so you be navigated to respective sites and at the bottom you can see my footer which contains my website logo and a small description and also links to my social.
My page contains many pages some of the important are register, login, homepage, contact, shirt, tshirt and jeans. You can go to any page by the help of the navbar. The search bar only supports shirt tshirt and jeans promt. Every user is unique to the website and it doesnt inter clash with other users. This project is made with flask, html, css and little java script which all are in the syllabus of cs50x
In conclusion I have made a generic ecommerce website for the final project. I liked cs50 and i have learnedd alot of new things. Hope you will like my project. This was CS50.